0.  How many different colors does each format support (BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG)?

BMP supports between 2 (for 1-bit-per-pixel) and 4,294,967,296 (for 32-bit-per-pixel) distinct colours.
JPEG: 24-bit colour = 16,777,216 colours.
GIF: 256 colours
PNG: 24-bit colour = 16,777,216 colours.


1.  Which of the formats supports animation (BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG)?

GIF


2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?

Both are forms of compression -  encoding information using fewer bits than the original file / representation.
Lossless compression compresses in such a way that it is possible to perfectly reconstruct the original representation from the
    compressed version.
With lossy compression, data is lost, so such reconstruction is not possible, but it is often possible to reduce the size of the 
    representation to a much greater degree than is possible with lossless compression.


3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed (BMP, JPEG, GIF, PNG)?

JPEG


4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

The file-system: 
1. modifies the first letter of the file's directory entry, indicating that the file has been deleted.
2. changes the FAT entries for the file's clusters to indicate that they are free for use.

The data contained in the relevant clusters is not deleted.


5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?

Use a program which overwrites the relevant hard-disk clusters with random data or zeroes. Alternatively, use an encrypted
file-system


6.  What’s stdint.h?

A header file, part of the standard library, containing a set of type definitions for exact-width integer types, such as
uint8_t, an 8-bit unsigned integer type.


7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

Fields in the BMP headers have specific lengths in bits, so it is important to be able to control the length in bits of 
the members of the structs representing these headers. Similarly, each pixel in a 24-bit colour BMP is represented by a triple of
three 8-bit numbers representing blue, green and red. A normal int is 32-bits, so would not be suitable.


8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

BYTE: 1 bytes
DWORD: 4 bytes
LONG: 4 bytes
WORD: 2 bytes


9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? (Leading bytes used to identify file
formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"

"B" then "M" in ASCII.


10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

bfSize is part of the BITMAPFILEHEADER and signifies the size in bytes of the BMP file.
biSize is part of the BITMAPINFOHEADER and signifies the number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure itself.


11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

If biheight is negative, the bitmap is arranged bottom up, starting with the bottommost row and ending with the topmost. If the 
biheight is positive, the bitmap is arranged "normally", starting with the topmost row and ending with the bottommost row.


12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

biBitCount


13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

The directory permissions might prevent the output file being created.


14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

The function fread has 4 arguments: bf, size, blocks, fp. It reads an element of size size, blocks number of times.
In our code, fread is used to read BITMAPINFOHEADER and BITMAPFILEHEADER, and we only need to read each of them once.
This function is also used to read each pixel, but we only read one pixel at a time.


15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

3


16. What does fseek do?

fseek is used to move the file position indicator.


17. What is SEEK_CUR?

SEEK_CUR represents the current position of the file position indicator.


18. Whodunit?

Rick Astley
